even though death is a familiar sight in
Gaza saying goodbye to loved ones is
never easy explaining to Children is
even more
difficult the steady stream of bodies
here means funeral prayers are performed
throughout the day children search the
rubbish for wood to burn to keep warm to
cook children forced to help their
families survive this war
in jabalia refugee camp Medics work to
try and treat the injured some don't
make it a child's grave just outside the
clinic on Wednesday Israeli forces
continued their intense bombing around
ner Hospital in Khan Unice followed an
attack on a nearby school where people
were Sheltering dozens were injured in
the
attack amid the war and the misery there
are those who are trying to spread a
little
hope this raises the spirits and brings
optimism after what we witness from war
destruction and the destruction of homes
everyone becomes optimistic at the sight
of these roses after everything they've
witnessed it's the hope that the war
will end and people will see Gaza for
what grows above its soil rather than
the painful memories of who is buried
underneath it and mm Al jaaz
ra make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
jazer